The ring can be determined by me one day in the building dynasty
Inviolable enough
It is nothing more than the Son of Heaven guarding the door
Jun Prince Design
Go and see what is the fear of disaster
Hahahaha good
Tianzi guards the gate of the country
King Death Design
You finally woke up
I can rest assured to leave the country to you
You will wait for me to see you from today
His Highness has just rewarded the frontline troops twice
Bring it to the concubine to build the Hall of Joy
Now pretend to be tall here
Are you singing a big show?
Mouth is so hard
This bitch threw a cup for Han, there must be an ambush
I have to catch him first
Am I hard or not?
Try it and you'll know
Joke
The emperor's imperial army has long been destroyed by you
I want to go
It's all my people here now
Humph
You and this old thing are like being chopped into meat sauce
Daxia will soon be in the bag of my Yan family
Hahaha, don't come here.
Come again and I'll kill
Your Highness, are you willing to kill me?
Don't forget that the concubine is your master
hands-on
The first master of Daxia
How could you help him?
Have you forgotten how he humiliated you?
He divorced you on your wedding night
Let you become the capital of this great summer
A big joke
I'm not for him
I only kneel down or die for this big summer fruit
Trash, you dare not kill me
My father was the first in the Qing Dynasty to be serious
I will definitely make you kneel and beg me to leave the prison
Hmph, no wonder your father, I'm with you, go
Prince, take your life